# Fachschaft-Planning

Planning for our meetings, anyone may contribute!

If you want be a responsible member,  see [here](contributing.md).

If git is too hard, click [here](https://github.com/fs-linguistics/Fachschaft-Planning/issues/new/choose) 

And if you don't want to do that either, just message John/Nicolai with what you want to add. 

## Next meeting(s):

- Nov 24 6:00PM, in FS room, Room 049 Keplerstrasse 2 

## Agenda for next time
- IBR
  - redo polls and ask people to rank tutorials offered
  - QSM 2025
    - dicuss requests earlier
    - internal deadline end of June
    - room
      - Also mentioned room 281 should be avaible, as long as we mention to them the time slots
      - projector will supposedly be fixed?
  - let professors know about errors in the Pr√ºfungsordnung
- Christmasparty update
  - hopefully date & room set
- find old websites and email department about them
- Studieninformationstag
  - Nicolai will swing by and report
  - need BA CL flyer & poster
  - should have some hands-on material (maybe some snytax trees?)
- Email: who is the admin? Is that still relevant?
- Secret santa
  - Nicolai will swing by
- Advertise general purpose tutorial more?
  - Consider changing name, brainstorm ideas?
- Follow up on GL course being too much for new people, 
  - (mention it effects people's mental health)
- Follow up on old exams, some would really appreciate old exams
- Mention that ugly sweater is not mandotry
- couches?
---
