# Date

![Logo](logo.jpg)

# Agenda

- change meeting time?
- FS announcements chat?
- Should I merge everything into one community?
- start workshops next week
- start all purpose tutorials next week
  - should we also do before FS meetings?
- discuss if we want to talk about revising email system
- Fachschaft rules and limitations so we don't start a cult? -Bo

# Meeting
**Present: John, Danilyal, Nicolai, Cara, Eleana, Paula, Gaya, Emilia, Erik, Sczymon, Dasan, Paul, Rofaida**

- Change the meeting time to 6PM on Friday. 
- Just move everything into one community
  - Assign nicolai to update our website links
- Set the time for 6PM on Wednesday. 
- Write in the groupchat. 
- Plan on same time as last time, I guess I will anounce. 
- No new emails.
- Excess time to talk about gaya
- Rofaida hoody update had to return them sad
---

Start: 5:00 PM
End: 5:45 PM


